There she goes ,front of me
take my life ,set me free again
well' make a memory out of it
Holy road is at my back
Dont look on ,take my back again
Well´make a memory out of it
We finally  fall apart and we break each others hearts
If We wanna live young. love .we better star today
Its gotta get  easier,  easier Somehow
Cause I'm falling , I'm falling
and  easier, and easier Somehow
OH calling and calling
and It Isnt over undless it is over
I dont wanna wait for that
Its gotta get easier ,easier Somehow
But , Not today
Not today
There she goes ,front of me
take my life ,set me free again
Well´make a memory out of it
Holy road is at my back
Dont look on ,take my back again
Well´make a memory out of it
We finally  fall apart and we break each others hearts
We wanna live young love, You better started today
Its gotta get easier ,easier Somehow
Cause Im falling, Im falling
easier , and easier Somehow
Oh Im calling ,Im calling
And It  Isnt  over undless it is over
I dont wanna wait for that
Its gotta get easier ,easier Some
Come with me
So come with me , come with me
But not today
Not today
Its gotta get easier ,easier Some how
Cause Im falling, Im falling
And easier ,and easier Somehow
Oh Im calling, Im calling
And It  Isnt  over undless it is over
I dont wanna wait for that
Its gotta get easier ,and easier Somehow
Its gotta get easier , and easier Somehow
But not today
Not today
But Not today